being
oh no
I'm here just give me one sec I'll be
right back
did not have to go nearly as far as I
thought I was going to have to go
make the window bigger there we go all
right
where's the other thing
oh these things have so many
things
all these apps they all look the same
in my little app drawer
hi everyone how's everyone doing oh my
fingers are cold
true king of bread tube
I'm not allowed to eat bread I don't
know if I'm I'm I don't I don't know if
bread tube wants me I say too many
problematic things
hey everyone uh yeah I meant to say hi
hi everyone
happy Friday how hope everyone had a
wonderful week
am I okay yeah I'm good
um I was just uh
uh we shot a new video yesterday
and then I had to refilm half of it
because the Audio I had I was completely
out of range of the microphone so it
just sounded horrible
um so I had to refilm that today
and then I've been editing a bit and uh
hopefully my plan is to hopefully have
it out for patrons at the beginning of
next week
and fingers crossed live for everyone
else later in the week before the end of
the month
um because that's when the sponsor needs
it out for so
hopefully uh hopefully YouTube won't
have any fits about it I don't think
they will there's nothing in there
that's
like bad or anything
there's no curse words well actually
there are a couple of curse words but
oh no
your audio must have sounded like
whatever was delivered to the sound
designer for The Last Airbender
oh
it was so bad it was horrible
it sounded like I was in
a tin box and I was using an onboard
microphone instead of a ridiculously
expensive shotgun microphone
in a studio granted my this room where
I'm like on the computer
has the soundproofing on the walls so
there's not a bunch of
there's not a bunch of Echoes and stuff
whereas the studio out there uh doesn't
have the soundproofing up
so it still is kind of uh echoey and
I've done my best to fix it but
you know I'm trying uh for the next
video that comes out which for patrons
will be in July
for everyone else it won't be until the
fall
um we'll have the soundproofing done
properly and uh everything will sound
everything will sound good because it's
a video about good Omens and Sandman so
it has to sound good
good
oh
that's a weird taste
give us the potato quality audio
my my early videos kind of have potato
quality audio if you go back to them
we will always support you keep up the
good work oh thank you Sophia
you may be addicted to the summer Hikaru
died good I'm glad I'm not the only one
I'm my only frustration is that there's
not more of it
because I want more of it lots more
need to be diving deep into it
I still haven't seen across the spider
verse no
um Nick and I were gonna go see it
earlier this week
um
but then we had to
we didn't we hadn't quite
done the math on when the video needed
to be finished by and when it needs to
be finished by versus when it needs to
be viewed by the sponsor and approved by
the sponsor and how much time they have
to view and review it
um and then we don't really want it
going out on the last day of June
because that's the Friday beginning of
the extra long weekend so that would
just be hell the views would be so
I'm trying to get it out for Wednesday
my hope is to get it out publicly on
YouTube on Wednesday That's My Hope um
but because of that we didn't have time
to go see the movie
drinking anything nice it's uh it's a
drink from Wendy's because I ordered
Wendy's for dinner which I have in front
of me I'm I will be eating so I
apologize for that uh because I haven't
eaten all day and I'm starving
um
but uh it is blueberry pomegranate
lemonade which has a very it's very it
doesn't taste like blueberry or prom
blueberry or pomegranate or lemonade
it has a really weird taste I don't
dislike it though
my friend just broke up with my
boyfriend for me like what the
I gave you no permission to break up
with him but that's weird
hi
uh that doesn't sound like a friend
watched Hannibal because of your toxic
Love video and now I'm traumatized I'll
send you the therapy
[Laughter]
I'm sorry
no need to send me the therapy Bill I'm
sure Hannibal would do therapy for free
have you seen velvet gold mine if you
have I have I I have seen velvet gold
mine but I saw it like around the time
it came out so it was a long time ago uh
I haven't seen it since I remember
liking it
but uh
but
so I can't I can't really give you like
a distinct thought on it other than I
did like it
did you hear about the news around
across the spider-verse I don't think so
Maybe
I might have
do you see that Luke McFarland is an
actual daddy now I did
um
which my old school conservative brain
was immediately confused by because I
think he's single
and so I was like single and apparent
how do you do that that's not proper
because
I'm apparently a woman in the 50s
apparently across the spider verse has
controversial trans rap I guess Miles
Morales couldn't be bi but they didn't
say anything about Gwen I'm very curious
to watch it soon I have heard about the
Gwen stuff
um
uh I have heard about that I didn't know
that was controversial though I had has
that made its way to straight Twitter
didn't like Hannibal but a very excited
and optimistic about Brian Fuller's
upcoming Camp Crystal Lake Show I'm
really excited for that I I want to see
him like
I was going to say legitimize the
slasher genre just sort of like
take the slasher genre and like
really increase the the quality of it
uh van twinblade Gwen is controversial
because there is now the Assumption
going around that Gwen is actually trans
um which I love for her
um
and so I guess some some conservatives
have discovered the little hints that
are in the movie uh like I think she has
a pride flag or a pride pin something
like that or uh uh trans pride flag or
pin
um
I can't remember exactly what it is
so yeah people are just douchebags
also I have a phobia of cannibalism but
still laughed at the bottom
phobia of cannibalism is pretty
understandable
this
two seconds of a protect trans kids
poster has people in a tailspin I think
she also has a pin on a bag or something
like that or maybe miles has a pin no I
think Miles has a pride flag I have to
see the movie I really need to go see
the movie I did get my Barbie tickets
though as soon as they went on sale I
got my Barbie tick
foreign
also had a trans flag on his UniFi oh oh
that would be pretty badass trans
representation honestly
making Spider Gwen trans that'd be
pretty cool
who are your favorite
characters from good Omens and Sandman
um good Omens I bet I've
azira fell in Crowley I just
I obvi that's so basic but it's true I
love the both of them uh and my favorite
character from Sandman is actually
um Joanna Constantine I loved her
I would like her to have her own show
please and thank you
Crowley is hot not gonna lie well that's
because
oh my God
David Tennant that's because David
Tennant is hot
I'm doing good
Sev sevnarsk
that was hard to say
I too love Hannibal but on the Gory
the Gory and goringness scale I think it
wasn't gory enough but then again I was
raised in all School horror movies
including 80s horror
TV show so I I think they went as as
gory as possible as they could manage on
a network TV show
um
but I would love to see it come back for
a fourth season on Netflix or something
like that where they can just like go
balls to the wall with it
first season was the Glorious Day
I think you're right I think the first
season was the Glorious
I just remember the like totem of bodies
that was probably the first season I
think and then the other one that really
sticks out with me is the gut the
episode where the guy
um
kind of had this thing where he thought
he was a beast
and then will kills him and he and he
and uh
he and Hannibal or maybe it was just him
messed up his body to like give him a
beast form in death or something like
that like I thought that was really cool
what's going on I spent my mid-summer's
Eve watching the Eurovision song contest
from
four I was about to say is that on again
I'm surprised Hannibal went so hard on
network TV I know like I'm really
surprised it got away with it like
honestly
where can folks watch Eurovision I do
not know
I'm gonna I'm gonna eat my food before
it gets cold because I ordered it and it
was like it'll be here at 6 30 and I was
like awesome that'll give me a half hour
to eat before the Stream
it got here at 6 50. which barely gave
me enough time to get back upstairs and
sat down and everything and so yeah
eating
deal with it
okay so they're starting to be a spicy
Burger
masala excuse me
Chucky isn't
Chucky's not on network TV though
Chucky's on cable you can get away with
more on cable
the more this channel talks about that
talks about Hannibal the more I want to
watch it I want to do another Hannibal
video I don't know how though don't know
what to talk about
mukbang
if I hate headcanon Lecter as CIS hat
does that get me back
on Twitter probably
UK is excited for the MLB All-Star Game
[Laughter]
what will you be covering for October
um we will in October we will be
releasing a video exploring the
queerness of vampires
um so we're going to talk about like
obviously a lot of stuff in there uh
including like what we do in the shadows
and how Dracula is just kind of an
inherently queer character Etc
um
and there's another video in October
that we decided on I can't remember what
it is
I think in October the Sandman video
Sandman and good Omens is going to be
going public on YouTube I think
if I remember correctly I might be wrong
would you ever do anything on Virginia
Woolf
um maybe
at some point possibly uh it's hard to
for me to make videos about books
because there's no visual component to
it
um
and I feel like if it's just me sitting
there that's not interesting it's just
sitting there talking
um
but I know that like there are there
have been adaptations of her stuff so
you know like Orlando and
um stuff like that so I'm it's a
possibility
and what will you be covering on the
first episode of going in raw the first
episode of going in raw we're going to
be talking about Hamilton and the
producers
so that's going to be interesting
do people know if our flag means death
is getting another run this year it
should be they finished filming us it's
done
I don't know when it's being released
though
I'd appreciate another Hannibal video
because I don't think I understand the
show I'm a horror person but I don't
really get what the show is doing I see
sort of police procedural
and that people really want will and
Hannibal together Beyond queer
representation I don't see it really I
love the show absolutely loved it
nope I have not seen Hamilton I know
nothing about Hamilton except
King George is a white guy and
something about one shot that's
literally all I know about Hamilton
um
and I haven't seen the producers since
2005. so that kind of counts as
something I haven't seen before so it's
going to be kind of comparing and
contrasting
um
for the producers movie which was like
you know
almost a direct adaptation of the play
but in movie form and then the Hamilton
live shot or the Hamilton Pro Shot on
Netflix
um
but
like which one it's gonna be it's gonna
be interesting
King George is Leah Michelle's gay
boyfriend
King George is my gay boyfriend Jonathan
Groff should be my gay boyfriend
I was wondering if you would make a
video in The Picture of Dorian Gray I
have read it
um Picture of Dorian Gray I think we
I actually I've talked about Picture of
Dorian Gray actually
in I want to say monsters in the closet
I talked about it
I think it was monsters in the closet
that I talked about a picture of Dorian
Gray
um
it's only I only talk about it for like
five or six minutes but it's in there
whenever I think Hamilton I always think
of the got milk commercial
are you interested in that new Stephen
King Boogeyman movie I don't think I've
heard of it I've been so detached from
everything
um because I've been so busy with the
move and then getting this new video
done and which this video is when on the
longer side so it's been
it's been
it's been a time
my friend and I have watched your
Hannibal video twice bro oh thank you
so glad to be at a place where I can
support patreon now especially during
Pride oh thank you Aaron
I'm hoping that with the new podcast and
with the patron videos coming out
several months ahead of YouTube that
it'll I can hopefully make it worth
being a patron
am I bleeding
James did you see looking with Jonathan
Groff and Russell Toby I watched the
first season but I found it so boring I
couldn't watch the rest of it
terrifier 3 is coming out at the end of
2024 and I'm so excited for it terrifier
one and two are some of my favorite
movies I'm gonna make my bestie watch it
with me terrifier one and two are kind
of amazing and terrifier one in
particular was made for like no money
but made quite a tidy profit which gives
me hope for Telos
have you talked about episode three
I talked about episode three of The Last
of Us in
merch something whatever The Last of Us
was still on TV
I haven't done a video about it
um
but uh we are going to be working on a
video soon that is going to talk about
the last of us so it will be included
there
oh I have seen the original uh producers
I
it's very much of its time
Hamilton was a juggernaut but some of
the stuff that came out of it around is
incredible the Hamilton mixtapes for
example check out immigrants we get the
job done
I literally knowing that like nothing
about Hamilton
that one I'm going in completely fresh
I just watched the original producer for
the first time a few weeks ago
I have a few friends who have patreon
accounts and according to them it's more
about giving people an excuse to support
what you're already doing and support
you as a person but obviously that's
just one take well I mean I've sadly
haven't been doing a whole lot for the
patreon and we have over 3 000 patrons
um which I am very very thankful for
um
so I'm just hoping that doing this
little extra
um some extra stuff can get people to
jump on board because they're gonna
they're gonna get some extra stuff
they're gonna get some fun stuff
excuse me
I want to see that guy that plays Earth
the clown as the Joker he just says the
look and the mannerisms to bring a comic
faithful version to life
um I have not made any movies about or
any videos about gay French movies I
only recently started watching stuff
with subtitles
um
so
something like that might be coming in
the future
I like seeing Rambles of thought you
don't get on YouTube on patreon
that's that's what these podcasts are
gonna be
application card the Broadway recording
seems a bit lackluster
it's location car or cast
my stomach is informing me I need to
continue eating
launch munch munch
did you hear about the Wagner group
declaring war against the right did that
actually happen I saw that is it the
Wagner group
is it actually the Wagner group
sorry I saw that randomly on Twitter and
I was like there's been a bunch of like
fake stuff going around
um
all day on Twitter like Jeremy Renner
dying and stuff Jeremy Renner hasn't
died but that was on Twitter so I
thought people were just making up
did the Vlog is RIT
because if that's true
private military company partner group
are apparently declaring war on the
Russian Ministry of Defense they say
that there was a Russian rocket strike
on Wagner's Mercenaries
yeah
well then
very interesting very interesting Russia
isn't Russia if there's not a revolution
this is very very interesting
I'm sure
um
I'm I'm sure that there are a lot of
people in in Europe that are very
uh happy about this development
foreign
[Music]
bendelson
have you any interest in Magic the
Gathering I'm currently building a
Sauron Mordor Deck with the new Lord of
the Rings set I love Magic the Gathering
I haven't really gotten to play it with
anyone but Nick though
um
and we haven't played in like a year I I
literally have well it's between me and
Nick we have a giant like gym bag filled
with cards
um
I actually have five decks in a
container somewhere
close to me in the room I think
um
and uh
so yeah I really love Magic the
Gathering but I don't really get to play
much and I've probably forgotten how to
play to be honest but I keep buying new
cards because I'm like oh this deck
looks really cool and so like I buy new
ones I haven't seen any of the Lord of
the Rings ones in store though in stores
yet though but I do I do want to get
them because you know Lord of the Rings
nerd and whatnot
James have you seen secret Invasion yet
what are your thoughts on the fridging
Trope
um I haven't seen it because apparently
it's horrible like every review I have
read of secret invasions first episode
is like this show is sucky and I am not
supporting it because the opening
credits used AI art for its opening
credits which is just disgusting coming
from a company like Marvel
out of the movies which is your favorite
Lord of the Rings
uh
it's a close tie between fellowship and
Return of the King because Return of the
King has you know the big climate Return
of the King makes me cry every time I
watch it Return of the King makes me cry
but I think Fellowship works better as a
movie
um like it has a very it has a good
structure beginning middle end that that
kind of stuff like Fellowship works
really really well as a movie
um I think Return of the King
works perfectly as the end of the
trilogy but I don't think it works as a
movie all by itself whereas I think what
Fellowship does
I own I think I own four or five
versions of The Lord of the Rings movies
now I own it on DVD
IO I own the normal DVDs I own the
extended edition DVDs I own the extended
edition extended edition Blu-ray set I
own the extended edition
4K set
okay so I own four versions of it
two Tower I I mean I love all three of
them two towers was the first one I saw
in theaters I didn't get to see
Fellowship in theaters
um I didn't see Fellowship till came out
on DVD
and uh
but I yeah two towers when Gandalf comes
up over the hill and everything that
like made me well up when I was in
theaters it's kind of amazing
you have it on VHS oh my God
I had gotten I would have had it on VHS
but I had gotten a DVD player for
Christmas like the year before uh Lord
of the Rings came out
have you ever watched brain dead AKA
Dead Alive I have I've seen all of Peter
Jackson's movies
um brain Dead's hilarious
are the Lord of the Rings books worth
reading uh I think so they're very
specific kind of read though they're
it's like it's a the Lord of the Rings
books are much more about
the kind of
Topography of Middle Earth than they are
about the story and stuff uh I was just
about to mention that the new audio
versions of Lord of the Rings that you
can get on Audible are read by Andy
Circus and they're actually phenomenal
um I listen to them and they are
they are so good they are wonderful and
then you don't have to read the books
you can listen to them while you do
other stuff
what Jamie you don't like Lord of the
Rings
I agree Jen Lovely Bones is way better
than people gave a credit for I think
people were expecting like some kind of
Next Level Masterpiece when it came out
um
that it would be like the greatest thing
ever because it's Peter Jackson and it
was like this book that had sold a
kajillion copies out of nowhere
um
and then you know it came out and it was
like really good but it wasn't you know
the greatest thing ever made and so
people really kind of were like oh it's
it's a disappointment
still have pre-lucas tampering at Star
Wars movies
free Lucas tampering
I'm still forever mad at myself I didn't
see Fellowship in theaters as a child
because it just looked scary to child me
then I fell in love with some Nazgul and
Arc orc toys at someone's house that's I
that's what happened to me I didn't know
what Lord of the Rings was and then I
was at a store
and I saw a nozgold toy and I was like
that is so cool and I got my mom to buy
it for me and
you know it had like Lord of the Rings
on the back and I was like oh is this
like a new fantasy show or something
like that because I had no idea what
Lord of the Rings was
and then like I went online I was like
oh there's a movie coming out but I
couldn't find anyone how old was I I
think I was 12. when Lord of the Rings
came out no I was about to turn 12 when
it came out as 11.
no I was 12.
um
and so I didn't have anyone to go see it
with because none of my friends were
interested in it but by the time two
towers came out I had met some nerds and
got to go see it in theaters and
eventually I saw the extended version of
all of them in theaters in this like
marathon thing while I was in film
School
I remember watching the original
animated Lord of the Rings movie on VHS
I think my copy went missing when I
moved though
honestly the original and the the
animated Lord of the Rings the the
nozzle in that are I find them even to
this day scary
like very few things scare me I'm a
horror movie guy those Nas ghoul scared
the out of me when I was a kid the
live-action ones no they're just you
know dudes and cloaks the animated ones
scared the out of me
have any advice on how to write essays
for a YouTube video
uh really just write an essay
um
but when you're writing it think of
things visually
um that's what uh Nick and I try and do
because Nick does most of the writing
and then I come in and kind of
I I write stuff that has to do with like
specifically like we're going to talk
about this piece of media and then Nick
does all of the stuff that talks about
society and stuff so Nick writes the
majority of it
um
but trying to think visually while
you're writing it I think that that
helps a lot
the full extent of my Lord of the Rings
experience is a hazy memory of the
glowing white lady that may only be
because of the McDonald's there was a
Lord of the Rings McDonald's toys
no that I have my Lord of the Rings
action figures packed up I need to get
them out on a Shelf
Nick does have much to say about Society
I saw the extended version of Fellowship
first and promptly died that I would
have to wait so long for The Two Towers
the the Lord of the Rings extended
edition uh special features the behind
the scenes stuff that was film school
before I went to film School
that like every time somebody asks me
like should I go to film School
I'm like no do two things look up all
the technical stuff and YouTube videos
because there are lots of YouTube
channels that will tell you all the
technical stuff about filmmaking that
you need to know and as far as the
artistic style stuff of filmmaking watch
the behind the scenes of Lord of the
Rings and listen to the audio
commentaries you will have had a better
Film School experience than anyone who
paid 100 Grand to go to film School
I liked King Kong actually I think it's
too long I think I would cut about a
half hour out of it
um
and it's way too long when he did his
extended edition version of it but the
original release if if a half hour had
been cut out of that I think it would
have been perfect
Hobbit movies uh I still haven't seen
the third one
I liked the second one better than the
first one
I saw the first one in theaters uh in
the 48 frames per second and I was like
I don't understand why they needed to do
this
um
and I didn't see the second one in
theaters because
when it came out
I was moving home uh after business
school because stuff had gone tits up
and I'd lost my job and stuff and uh
so I hadn't seen this I didn't see the
second one in theaters but I did buy the
Blu-ray of it and I watched it there but
I've never watched the third one because
I just had no interest in it The Hobbit
was supposed to be two movies it was not
supposed to be three movies Warner
Brothers forced it into three movies so
that they could make more money because
they had to share Revenue with a bunch
of other places and yeah there's a
there's a whole series of Lindsay Ellis
videos about the drama of that
and fellowship came out I was very small
I saw the extended edition DVDs that my
mom had and now I have and I asked my
mom
what they were about
very reassuring I want to make my own
music videos and know I'm going to be
learning a lot in the process because
I've only been on a film set a few times
the fact that you've been on a film set
at all
um puts you kind of Head and Shoulders
above
a lot of people
The Hobbit movies aren't great but
Martin Freeman is Bilbo
though he's just relatable to me as
always Martin Freeman is Bill he was
perfect perfect casting for Bilbo
perfect so was uh Benedict cumberbatch's
smogs he did a phenomenal job of smog
um
oh shoot what's damn I can't remember
his name
um
friend will is the third oh I can't
remember his name
oh he's an actor he he's he's an actor
uh he's the king of the uh elves not not
elrond the other one
um Lee Pace thank you
uh he also did a phenomenal job
um but
the rest of it like
didn't and all the dwarves all the
dwarves did fantastic jobs all of them
even Philly and Kelly
um all of them did a great job
um
but uh
there was just so much extra I put into
that that didn't need to be there
foreign I will forever feel bad for
Christopher Lee for how Done Dirty he
was by that whole series cutting him out
of Return of the King and all just all
of that
yes even feeling Keely dwarves aren't
supposed to look like that
as the many problems I have with uh with
the rings of power the dwarves look like
dwarves
Troye Sivan would have actually made a
really good elf
he's got that face
I forgot he played Ronan the Accuser
no Troy was older than that Troy's
around my age I think
ish
I caught him up at Lord of the Rings huh
Del Toro would I I wish Del Toro had
gotten to do The Hobbit
King thrower was perfectly Dwarven and
Ballin
worked but the others were too human
yeah
it's Brokeback Mountain well liked by
the gays some of them not by me I hate
it
Troy's 28. it's kind of my age he's six
years six years younger than me
wait six years
I forget how old I am
I think I'm 34.
we'll see where I'll stop aging at 28.
someone asked a bit ago have you seen
the new Netflix one piece trailer uh no
because I don't feel like there's any
point in watching it because Netflix is
not going to
um keep renewing it long enough to tell
the whole story because I don't even
think that the whole story is told
finished in the manga yet so
I think it's completely useless to watch
that thing because they're not going to
do it they're going to cancel it after a
couple of at best it might get four
seasons and that's if it does really
really really really really well
um
and Netflix doesn't have a great track
record when it comes to anime
adaptations so it's probably not going
to do well at all
what would you do if a right-wing gay
comparing what would you do if a
right-wing gay comparing other
right-wing or communist countries that
are more worse than their own country
while defending the right
sorry Michael I'm not I'm not
sure what you mean
del Toro's Hobbit survived in the scenes
before the Shire was left incidentally
the only good stuff from the first
Hobbit movie
most people think one or two seasons but
it looks okay and it might get more
people into the anime or Manga
I mean I mean I might watch it I don't
know
um
probably not though because at 10 000
patrons we're gonna do our one piece
video but that's gonna be I'm gonna
watch the anime Nick's gonna read the
Manga and then we're gonna come together
and do it but we need to we need about 6
000 more patrons before we do that
yes
have you seen the photos of the new Last
Airbender costumes they look like great
cosplay but I still do not want I think
they look fantastic actually like in my
opinion I think they look great
um I'm really excited for the Avatar
live action show
um
well I'm as excited for a live action
adaptation of something as I've ever
been I guess which is not all that
excited
um
I love thank you uh for the Super Chat
Jen I'd love if Del Toro did an
adaptation to Peter S beagles The Last
Unicorn I I would go out on streets and
beg for money to get him the money to
make The Last Unicorn a live-action Last
Unicorn that would be
or or even stop motion like with
Pinocchio
that would be oh my God I want to see
his I want to see his Last Unicorn that
would be amazing
oh just he would do I want to see what
he would do with the harpy like
just create a whole new generation of
nightmares
how many patrons to get you to watch One
Piece live action not even to do a video
just to watch it uh four thousand if we
hit four thousand patrons I'll watch the
live action one piece
we're only like 200 or 300 away from
that so
that's not too much it's not too big an
ask
agree the live action adaptations are
just unnecessary most of the time I hope
the new Avatar isn't terrible yeah like
I I sometimes I like live action like
have I ever liked a live-action
adaptation of a cartoon
I don't think I have actually
now that I think of it
remember the gay Pinocchio I want to see
I was reminded of gay Pinocchio the
other night when I was watching a
wrestling video it was a wrestling
YouTuber
um and he was talking about something
and in came a clip of that
Pinocchio movie
I've actually never seen Speed Racer
I hear it's really good but I've never
actually seen it
Scott Pilgrim Vs the World wasn't uh
adapting a cartoon though it was
adapting
um a comic book
laughs
is it still worth watching avatar The
Last Airbender now I think I I think
it's a really good show
I think it and I think it's aged well
um
I think there's some incredible
characters on that show it really opened
my eyes to like that and some anime that
I watched really opened my eyes to the
fact that animated things can
actually be really good and not just for
kids
or the Scooby-Doo movies yeah the
Scooby-Doo movies worked you're right
you're right
I agree Winters I they need to get to
Cora
make Cora properly queer
and um
also Mako and orbolin
is the gay Pinocchio movie the best Rush
was that Russian uh no it is definitely
not the best Russian movie
foreign
oh God the Velma show is horrible
it's so bad
I actually watched that thing
just freaking just
brutal
I always prefer animation there's just
so much animation can do that people on
a stage
can't without middling CGI Nick is
cursing me somewhere but I prefer
animated Star Wars for example
um
I personally think the original Clone
Wars animated series the original
original one the one that would like had
12 12 minute episodes
might be one of the best things Star
Wars has ever is absolutely one of the
best things Star Wars has ever done
I haven't really liked any of the other
animated stuff though
I did watch Q4 so I watched all of it I
loved it I wanted a second season and
but there were so many people who were
just so grumpy
about
gay characters not being these
Paragons of perfection
that it
didn't get one
the best Pinocchio is Lou Wilson in D20
I don't know what that means but thank
you van twinblade for the Super Chat
where is Nick will we ever see their
beautiful face again uh Nick is about 15
minutes away uh Nick's living in uh
Toronto now he's
um
still unpacking and stuff I think I
think his mom is coming tonight to help
with further with the unpacking
um as well as to go to uh the pride
parade on Sunday
um I think uh I want to get Nick on a
stream maybe next weekend
um you guys move a lot
yeah uh we do it's painful
um but I think I'm done moving for a
while I think I'm
not settling but I'm I think I'm done
for a while I'm gonna take a break from
moving every
every year
since my YouTube channel took off in
2020 I've moved three times
Dimension 20 Dropout DND show used to be
College Humor dm'd by Brennan Lee
Mulligan
warlock Pinocchio
uh no I still haven't watched Andor I
actually do want to watch Andor though
like I've completely lost interest in
basically everything Star Wars but I do
really want to watch Andor
um I just haven't gotten a chance to sit
down and do it yet because I'm so
freaking busy with like the last couple
of months there were so many videos this
month there's only two videos which is
certainly
um reflected in the uh AdSense Revenue
um
and uh
but so we were so busy with videos and
then with moving and just like chaos and
everything so uh during the summer I'm
gonna check out
and or and a couple other things I need
to finish watching camp Camp
um what else is there I have to watch
because there's a couple of movies well
there's a bunch of movies coming out
this summer I want to watch
um there's some books I need to read
there's a there's a lot I got to do this
summer
I have fig I have somehow put off all of
the stuff I do for fun
so long
that I will be making it a job
to do during the summer
uh no further into camp Camp than I was
last time
um
uh Nick and I are gonna get into it
probably next week I think because I
think next week Nick will be kind of
settled into his place and I'm
relatively settled here a little bit of
stuff that needs to be done but not
um not anything crazy and so we'll
actually be able to sit down and watch
something
uh no I have not watched uh Kenobi
I haven't watched anything stood I
haven't watched anything of Star Wars
since
episode nine
really gave up on Star Wars after
uh yeah Heart Stopper season two I'm
actually gonna do a live stream uh watch
along with the patrons on the patreon
Discord for uh Heart Stopper too
would you say you're a workaholic or is
it out of need
uh more so need I think
um
you know the more usually the more
videos we put out the more money comes
in and you know money is
needed for
food and stuff
um
but uh
that's why like I'm actually taking the
summer well I'm not even taking the
summer off I'm taking the summer off uh
but we're still going to be doing at
least one video a month for patrons so
have you ever watched any anime anime by
Satoshi Khan I don't think so I've never
heard that name before so I don't think
I have
hmm
I have seen perfect blue yeah
I listen to a lot of podcasts yeah my
podcast app on my phone
has a ton of pod well
I say a ton I don't know what like how
many podcasts people usually listen to
is this a new turtleneck oh it's just a
white one I've had it for a while I got
it last
October for the um
the
um
Black Swan video
turtleneck King
in the next video that's coming out
um for half of the video I'm actually
not wearing a turtleneck which is rare
for me in videos
reading audiobooks through the Dresden
Files I have to check out the Dresden
Files
uh this one this isn't another pimple
this is the same pimple that's been
there for the last month
Black Swan was based on anime it wasn't
based on an anime
it was heavily inspired by one
though uh Darren Aronofsky did not
admit to that
but if you uh
if you watch perfect blue and then you
watch Black Swan afterwards you're like
hmm
what are some of my favorite podcasts
let's see let's open up the podcast app
my favorite podcasts where are we uh
uh the Christopher and Eric podcast I
love that one
um
uh all of Kara Swisher's podcast pivot
on with Kara Swisher I I kind of adore
Kara Swisher
um
the bald and the Beautiful with Trixie
and Katya
um
why is this happening the Chris Hayes
podcast
uh I like the bad gays podcast The
Rachel Maddow podcast that she does
they're really good
um
what else is here
I don't listen to it enough but I weigh
with Jamila Jamil is also a really good
podcast and a history of the 90s I I end
up I don't listen to history of the 90s
on a regular basis but I end up binging
them every time every couple of uh
every couple of months
where a lot of turtlenecks this fall in
the winter and felt very handsome
on Satoshi Khan's blog he said he and
Aronofsky did meet in Japan one time
yeah apparently they did meet but when
asked about it Aronofsky said they
didn't
um and he was like I don't know who they
are I've never heard of that person what
are you talking about
and then you find out oh
I don't know why he just didn't say that
yes there's an influence and give credit
I don't ugh
Americans hate giving credit to
non-americans seriously
has anyone else read Satoshi Khan's
Death Letter goodbye
I have not
I am attempting to avoid depressing
stuff
had this question in my mind for a while
if I a gay man date a non-binary person
who presents themselves in a more
masculine way should I consider myself
pan or bi that is a really good question
because like
I I find lots of non-binary people
attractive and like with masculine
presentation
and but at the same time I find lots of
CIS guys with very feminine
presentations very attractive
um
so I think it's really like how what do
you feel
like I don't think someone else should
say Well you're dating someone who's
non-binary so you can't be gay
because I think that's like I'm
very much
died in the world gay gay gay gay gay
gay I've been gay since birth
um
but that doesn't mean that I would be
like ew you're non-binary growth go away
like that why I wouldn't date a girl
but like
why not date non-binary person
I don't think that makes you straight or
pan or buy or pan or anything like that
foreign
admits that a lot of his movies are
inspired by anime yeah yeah
check your DMs on Discord I don't know
if I have Discord
installed on here anymore
no it's not born
oh my God this looks amazing hahaha
James what would a deltoro porn look
like
I don't know
it would either be really
um
I feel like it would be like the
porn version of tantric sex
if that makes any sense
def definitely monster
absolutely
that'd be cool then Twin Blade I don't
know if um
I don't know what Saturday I know
tomorrow's not the 28th
next Saturday
I don't know what my Saturdays look like
for the foreseeable future
I'll have to check it out but that might
be fun
I'd really love to see
oh I just hurt my toe I'd really love to
see Guillermo del Toro do like an attack
on Titan thing
I think that could I think that would I
think he would make it like really
exciting and unsettling at the same time
seen trance I have not seen Transformers
porn I have not
foreign
I'm not surprised that it exists but I
have not seen it
I feel terrible every time I miss a
stream I'm so often out to eat when you
do I'm tempted to just bring you up on
my phone shush the entire restaurant
because James is talking
Lilo and Stitch actually uh I love that
name by the way
um
I used to actually post these always for
patrons when they were more scheduled
um
but I actually am going to go through
and make a playlist and post it for
patrons
um
because sometimes they're just like
really
the the streams are just kind of really
a name but sometimes they're a lot of
fun and so during the summer I want to
go through and kind of
curate a playlist of streams that
patrons are actually gonna
so that patrons can still have access to
them instead of hunting down links on my
Twitter from weeks ago and stuff like
that
I need to invest in headphones I have
several pairs of headphones
excuse me
apparently Lindsay Alice's Transformers
inspired book series gets a bit smutty
later I've heard that I've heard that I
Tried reading the I couldn't get through
the first book uh so I didn't read the
didn't buy or read the second one
live action core aligned would be
horrifying
oh Masala needs headphones
it's like I have like three pairs of
headphones right here
I have my
my air pods max headphones I have my
audio mastering headphones which are
currently laying on the floor I have my
my cat ear headphones
in case I ever stream videos again
Stephen King's it as a stop motion with
the adult ears cut
that would be really cool that would be
really really cool
laughs
have you seen the manga anime Bloom into
you it's currently one of my favorite
mangas I've heard of it but I haven't
seen it
I've been recommended it a bunch on um
Amazon
I don't actually think I've ever seen a
Wes Anderson movie
to uh to be honest
have I
no I've seen like the trailers for them
and stuff and
um I wouldn't say Wes Anderson it was
really kind of my style or my uh
my taste
not a big horror fan but I'm a nerd
that's excited for the
FNAF movie
it was this gay ladrill the ancient elf
Lord
if this is ask James if you've seen this
movie
foreign
James have you seen the point by Harry
Nilsson I have not
considering like I went to film school
and I'm kind of a film snob
a lot of movies I haven't seen
did you ever get fleabag in the U.S I
think that that went to Amazon Prime
maybe
um
I haven't watched it though but I we did
get it in the US and Canada I just can't
remember where at
laughs
I think you've earned other Super Chat
Jen
um I actually I've read I've read
Stardust but I haven't seen the movie
but
um the recent
um poll that I sent out to patreon uh
patrons and members uh for the new
patreon podcast
um a lot of people voted for Stardust so
we are going I will be seeing Stardust
very soon
poke to poke tuber
what's a poke tuber
oh a pokeytuber I have watched some of
them actually
oh he is really cute
I haven't watched any of his videos
before but yeah he's really cute
there was one I was watching for a while
I can't remember his name now but he was
basically breaking down every episode of
the anime
um
and uh
I it was like reliving
all of Pokemon it was great
hey Kiara
yes Ace trainer Liam that's it
yeah that's him
which I I think I randomly clicked on
his one of his videos because I was like
oh he's hot and then just ended up
watching like a hundred videos 100 or
more videos
[Laughter]
Stardust is gonna be one of the first uh
movies we cover
the movie that won like by far is
actually Princess Bride
um but
we're we're not putting it off we're
doing we're gonna do that because so
many people wanted it we're actually
gonna do that one as like a special
um Christmas episode that's gonna go out
as like an extra long episode because
Nick hasn't seen the movie since he was
like a kid and I've never seen the movie
um
so it's good we're gonna do that as like
a special merry Christmas happy Hanukkah
kind of video
maybe we'll have like a Christmas tree
in the background or something
no I've never seen it all the movies
that ended up in that poll
um are either movies that I've never
seen or that I haven't seen in like at
least 15 years
Christmas trees of unusual size
I actually have two Christmas trees uh
obviously both of them are fake one is
you know a normal green Christmas tree
and the other one
is a white Christmas tree with I think
blue lights
I haven't seen Princess Bride but I know
Carrie el el west has a sexy mustache
as Batman Returns I wonder oh that might
be fun for like my birthday or something
if I'm friendless and have no one to go
do anything with for my birthday
maybe do like a Batman Returns watch
along on the patron Discord
because that is
a a Christmas movie I don't care what
anybody says
it's actually weird that I haven't seen
The Princess Bride specifically because
Andre the Giant is in it and when I was
a kid and had just gotten into wrestling
I watched like every movie that a
wrestler was in
but somehow managed to not watch
Princess Bride
oh
I assumed it was a quote
have you seen repo the Genetic Opera if
so what do you think of it and will you
do a video on it I don't know if I'll do
a video on it I have seen it though I
own it on Blu-ray I watched it came out
when I was in film school and me and a
bunch of friends went to the theater to
see it and um
for a bit there it kind of became my
aesthetic in film school
um but I really I mean it's very very
campy like it's it's like
bad slasher movie The Musical but like I
really liked it I I I
it's it's a lot of fun it'll probably
get like mentioned in a movie in a video
at some point but I don't know if like
there'll be a video of that
specifically
princess buttercup
was a general in the first Wonder Woman
movie
oh is it is that um
Claire Underwood
House of Cards
um oh crap I'm blanking on her name now
she was amazing on House of Cards
Robin Wright that's it
foreign
book 1994. was was he I I watched that
so often as a kid
and I never knew why until I watched it
as again as a teenager and I'm like
this is a Mowgli that
it's like huh I wonder why I watched
this movie constantly when I was like
seven years old
oh he was yes he was he was Quincy and
Dracula he was really hot in Dracula
laughs
have I heard of nimona
yes I think I've I've seen the word
on Twitter I've seen people mention it
but I don't actually know what it is
the one I was into
Brendan Fraser
as a kid
I did not appreciate how hot Brendan
Frazier was
um
the two days ago I bought the Mummy
Trilogy on Blu-ray and I'm gonna watch
it because I'm like
Brendan Frazier was actually gorgeous
and it just flew right over my head
or the graphic novel but I'm not super
hyped with trailers I've seen
the Coppola Dracula is my favorite movie
if not Star Wars five
Bram Stoker's Dracula is
phenomenal it is just like an art an art
a director just
jerking off with art it's it's it is an
amazing movie
even even with Keanu Reeves's accent
for what it's worth the cast of The
Mummy is why I thought I was bi for as
long as I did
yeah like like looking at just like I
haven't watched it since but looking at
like the box art and stuff I'm like God
damn
as a kid but I would get Christmas
Christmas flu or spring or summertime
cold I would always pair The Neverending
Story with The Princess Bride for
Comfort lullaby movies
see for me it was The Rescuers Down
Under and Hercules
it's sad that I think it was Rachel Vice
was in The Mummy that she didn't come
back for the third one I've never seen
the third one I saw the mummy and The
Mummy 2 uh but I I've never seen the
third one
frankiano reads inappropriate casting
how here we weirdly enough like John
Acker in the movie also seemed like he
played him as a relatively Bland guy on
purpose
Rachel Vice is everyone's sexual
and Cody is a small child
and Snow White gender gender is weird
and Fraser was so gorgeous Billy
Campbell
who played Quincy in Dracula was
every single one of them could step on
me
people seem to either be scared of
Falcor or think he's cute
Falcor is the dragon from Neverending
Story right
okay
I've also never seen a never-ending
story FYI
I skipped a lot of 80s movies apparently
sentence was weird I think I had two
ideas and how to
I have only heard the theme song because
of stranger things
I haven't I've never seen The Dark
Crystal either
or Labyrinth there's like I skipped so
many 80s movies
female squirrels oh my God not because
of her but that she had the hots for him
and turns out I wanted that
I remember that squirrel
the 80s was the era for Muppet movies I
I've also never seen a Muppet Movie
I haven't even seen them up at the
Christmas carol
the same guy who made the soundtrack for
Never Ending Story also made The
Fantastic soundtrack for dos boot from
the same just aim director really
a lot of people think Winona Ryder is
bad and Bram Stoker's right I don't
think she's bad in Bram Stoker's Dracula
I think she was fantastic in it
she really should have been in The
Godfather Part three but it would have
been better
geek
it's funny that you skipped the 80s
films and even claimed that there are no
good 80s films that you haven't seen the
Muppets
yeah I love stranger things which is
it's like there's lots of 80s stuff I
love
um Scarface Predator slasher movies
Weird Science
I watched Weird Science so much as a kid
not just for Wyatt and a
thong
um
but I watched Weird Science a lot as a
kid
Labyrinth is essentially a David Bowie
musical with scary Muppets
I'm actually surprised nobody's sitting
on the patron thing that nobody
suggested the Labyrinth Nick mentioned
that last night I was like yeah nobody
nobody mentioned that
Wolfgang Peterson directed Das Boot
never-ending story
way to go
Troy enemy wow
I did not know that he like I've seen
Das Boot like but I didn't know he did
the rest of them
James so you have to stop and
immediately set up a patreon viewing of
Labyrinth David Bowie and Muppets James
that's everything I want a movie besides
violence
Labyrinth didn't age that well love
Bowie loved the movie as a kid but mine
was by Nostalgia for it ain't strong
never seen Top Gun either
all of the 80s movies that I was
obsessed with were slasher movies
slasher movies and Weird Science
I watched a lot of 70s movies though
playing none in the 80s I didn't even
watch like Indiana Jones until I was in
I think I had finished Film School
by the time I'd watched Indiana Jones
never really watched any gay or queer
movies maybe because I'd have to watch
movies with my family and that made it
super uncomfortable means I don't know
anything now though
hey these movies were great because
Hawkeyes and crop tops and short shorts
Dracula Untold is underrated and Luke
Evans is a a robo babe
we just need a definitive list of movies
James hasn't seen and then we'd never
need a live stream again
shh
it's a lot of movies I haven't seen
okay but what are your feelings on
Titanic I actually think Titanic's a
phenomenal movie
and the people who say it's a bad movie
are
just
20 years too late edgelords
Gen X or I knew claimed that 80s movies
were purposely cheap
but also made to be as broadly appealing
as possible and they said that's how the
token black character got pushed
apparently
80s movies were cheap that's when
budgets started going up
you've seen Citizen Kane though it's
mostly just boring to watch I do
disagree Citizen Kane is not a boring
movie
Citizen Kane is so good like even if
you're just watching it for Orson Welles
performance it's so good
never mind all the like the filmmaking
techniques that were pioneered there
like it's
wasn't around during the 80s but they
were
Titanic was actually about the real
people who died I'd be interested
otherwise well you can't be about the
real people who died because there's too
many of them you'd have to pick certain
people
Titanic got me the girlfriend
Titanic got
my girlfriend liked it
as much treatment and a statement about
its quality but the backlash yeah there
was a huge backlash against Titanic
because people
girls liked it and so people were like
oh this movie's actually bad
no actually it's not
300 satisfied my want for CGI abs for
the next really for the next six
lifetimes
I still think I still find it funny that
people are like
Zack Snyder is a homophobe and I'm like
have you seen 300
he basically made
like 40 million dollar gay porn
I saw Titanic eight times in the theater
when it came out in 97 so I have a bias
I saw it I never saw it in the theater
but I saw it at a drive-in
um
and
I remember I went with my cousin and her
friend and her friend's nephew and he
when when Kate Winslet was naked he was
going crazy he was like oh my God
boobies and I was how old was I when
that came out nine
and so I was like yeah boobies
there are a lot of YouTube channels that
just do compilations of AI art generated
hot men images boiling the format down
to the essentials
laughs to be honest Snyder loves
queer-coated villains and stuff I I love
queer-coded villains I miss queer-coded
villains
like
Disney movies have sucked since they got
rid of their queer-coded villains
I like the actor who played the Evil
Suitor in Titanic
fun fact he actually played hedvig in
one of the Productions of Hedwig in the
angry and
foreign
yeah that's his name
being queer-coated villains are
sometimes a problem depending on context
in the context of Snyder's films and the
fear of the other two I I like
queer-coated villains
I used to
as a queer-coded villain in training I
think Titanic did everything it could to
appeal to cynical straight men that
on-screen breasts a bunch of dude Bros
getting character Arc listening to an
old lady it's not a it's a brat lash I
like that I like that
it absolutely is because for the last
half of the movie it's an action movie
it's a disaster movie it's like Deep
Rising or or twister or something it's
it's got all of that stuff that all of
the 90s disaster movies had
but there was also a romance
and it's like yeah and you know he
pulled it off
never questioned James Cameron
he somehow keeps
managing to do the thing
oh anime is full of queer-coded villains
there's an Australian musician you'd
like
played Hedwig on stage find the video
iota
oh that seems to be coming up is crypto
stuff
Zack Snyder's Watchman is really really
good I prefer the director's cut over
the
ultimate or theatrical I think it was
the director's cut that I saw
what do you think of the submarine with
five people
a lot of coverage and immigration dying
immigration dying on a sinking ship gets
no coverage
I
have seen it I've it's it's
I haven't been paying attention to it
I'm at these two Maritime students in
school and asked them why they wanted to
be
Maritime and they paused looked at each
other then at me and said they saw
Titanic as kids and liked the big boat
I think a lot of a lot I had so many
Titanic models as a kid Titanic puzzles
I had so much Titanic stuff after that
movie came out
necessarily make them Less Fun and they
can from the claim anyway
but I do look a scance at the way queer
villains are sometimes written
like a favorite 80s movies
Douglas Adams designed FMV
point-and-click game called Starship
tight I think I played that
I think I might have played that as a
kid
oh God Barefoot Kane oh Jesus
before
when are we going to get an RPG dating
Sim where we date the queer-coded
villain instead of the damsel
I'm sure there's a dating Sim out there
that does that
Christian School is as a kid I remember
on Library day all the kids fought over
the big Titanic book because they love
the diagrams of the disaster
sounds like the air conditioning is
about to turn on
I haven't played dream daddy but I've
watched people play dream daddy
I'm not good with uh like dating Sims
and stuff like that because I I suck at
playing anything that's that has a lot
of
dialogue
so a game that has a lot of reading I'm
even worse at
I hear that if you row a boat into any
body of water and poke a hole in the
bottom Leonardo DiCaprio will show up
and draw you naked what
I so much especially when people be like
a night to remember is better because
the effects are practical and there's no
Romance
most of the effects in the in the
Titanic in James Cameron is Titanic were
were practical
good God
like aren't there three different anime
about a girl
gets to get into her favorite dating Sim
and then dates the villain
how would you adapt Hades game into on
the screen
oh I don't know I don't know if you
could do it as a movie it would have to
be a show like a limited series I would
go six episodes and at the end of each
episode uh zagreus would die and have to
restart over but as he's going through
the sections of Hell each time different
stuff happens so the the character
progression
uh keeps going you meet new characters
because you're meeting new people as he
takes different paths and stuff like
that through uh through the underworld
um
and uh
yeah I think that would be the way to do
it and then
like
maybe in like episode three or four he
fights Hades but loses but then actually
beats him in episode six something like
that
all thinking they're saving a princess
just to find out the princess ran off on
purpose with the villain
all right
there's more to it than the dying and
the resurrecting but something that I've
really realized about video game
adaptations is that
you you need to give people the feeling
of playing the game without making it
feel like a video game
um
that's why the Mario movie was such a
huge success because watching like it's
not that good it's not that good it's
the movie's not that good but watching
it
it almost feels like you're playing a
Mario game
um and I think you you have to go with
that kind of thing unless you're doing
live action
super realism like with the last of us
which even the last of us like actually
like went in the opposite direction it
had less zombies and stuff like that or
less infected
um
but that's that's what makes me nervous
about the potential Zelda movie that
might be coming from illumination I
don't want that to happen
I thought the Mario movie was an all was
all right but I did enjoy the video game
inspired sequences
yeah I thought the movie was fine
um I watched
I waited and I watched it in Japanese
um the Japanese dub so they didn't have
to listen to Chris Pratt
um
and uh
so that was fun
or it was lacking a want versus need and
his story in my opinion oh that
that a lot it was lacking a lot
the thing with the the Mario movie is
that it was just kind of mindless fun
and I think that's
what a lot of people need right now is
just some mindless fun
nothing that's trying to be serious or
dour or anything like that nothing
that's trying to take itself seriously
just
silliness
Gulf kanawak I know how to pronounce
that
I'm learning
oh we got pretty lips
very kissable
watched a relatively new interview with
Pedro Pascal they asked if he knows what
Joel's next step in the story was he
said yes they asked if you knew the
details and he was like No And I don't
wanna oh God
poor Pedro
do you speak any other languages than
English I don't speak them
but I can read uh German and French
um
relatively well I can get by for German
and French but I can't speak them
James doesn't screen share when you're
looking up the names
I would but it's such a pain in the ass
to add screens in obs
laughs
not sure if you watch American Dad but
Stan Smith said he's a power top
oh my God uh I haven't watched American
Dad in years and years but that's that's
kind of hilarious
and I don't I don't know if a power top
I feel like a power top is just a top
that has convinced themselves
that being rough makes them good at sex
I keep being selfish there's no way I
could cool them on my own
a power top sounds so scary
yeah Dom top sounds like the the right
word yeah
a power top sounds like something you
add to a car
I am excited for the new season of good
Omens I can't remember when it comes out
uh comes out at the end of this end of
July
oh thank you again Jen
fun fact if you watch Titanic in Reverse
it's about zombies rising from the ocean
to rebuild a Shipwrecked boat and then
going to England to play poker
sounds like an amazing amazing movie
honestly I'd watch that
there's a fine line between rough this
is fun and rough what are you doing to
me
at this point I'd probably take it
anyway I could get it
a power top is who you want driving
I think I that might be me
a dummy toffee
dummy toppy
sounds like a Rugrats villain or
something
laughs
oh Twitter I open up Twitter the first
thing that comes up is somebody showing
their butt
sounds like a candy with a terrible
marketing team
Park hyung soap
oh I love his ears
I have a thing for big ears
I think she's about five about
Tops on the planet
[Laughter]
oh did he also declare a slur
I love that he declared it a slur and
then it became the number one trending
topic on Twitter it's like
good job good job
God that man is dumb
he did declare cisgender a slur because
he's an idiot
I'm good average dummy do me dummy do me
dumb I'm gonna say dummy huh
uh average dummy I'm getting ready to
head out probably in about 10 minutes at
nine o'clock uh around the two hour mark
uh get back to editing
because I have a video along along a
longer longish video that I'm working on
that'll be the last public video Until
the fall uh patrons are still gonna get
videos throughout the summer but for the
channel this is the last one until uh
until the fall
I love that porn couple on Tick Tock
that the top is a twink and the bottom
is a hunk and then the same age what
people think the hunk is way older
I don't know who that is do you have a
name I want to see them now
I can't wait to do the magical girls
video that one comes out in August I
think for patrons so I think it'll be
November that that'll be out in for just
typical YouTube
um
but yeah I'm pretty I think that's
August for patrons and YouTube members
let's look up Jake Preston
there's a lot of different Jake Prestons
apparently
Jake Preston on Twitter
oh there's a penis
oh I follow him apparently
apparently I'm already following him all
right
last name James
I'm not gonna try I try I tried it was
bad I tried pronouncing it I failed
this is a really weird thought but I
like his eyebrows
I really like his eyebrows
why is that the first thing that came to
mind
foreign
inducing it feels sometimes interacting
with people
I hear you there
is a Swede I don't claim PewDiePie
I only stay on Twitter to keep my handle
from getting hijacked I don't
read anything on the site anymore I I
have a bad habit of
uh being on Twitter a lot
um I need to be on Twitter less
but I'm on it
a lot because my my normal like feed is
like
people sharing their art and you know
people sharing stuff that they like and
then the for you section of Twitter is
just this hellscape that Elon is trying
to push on people
and I'm like how about no
how about that how about no
and wrestling a lot of my Twitter is
wrestling
foreign
Twitter is amazing I took a month off of
Twitter last year when I got canceled
um
and it was it was quite relaxing
it was
um
but unfortunately
as someone with a YouTube channel I have
to be on it
if you read the three body problem
series and or have you watched the
teaser for the Netflix series
and I had to think about that
I think power topping might be whatever
it is that Blitz does to stole us with
Paradise
[Laughter]
foreign
but it sucked but yeah I don't want to
talk about it
I wasn't canceled there were some
mean people
who sicked some people after me
I found the ditching Facebook four years
ago was a good choice I yeah I I left
Facebook a couple years ago I think
actually four years ago
now that you yeah I think it might have
been four years ago
I was really only on Facebook
um
so that my mom could uh get in touch
with me and then she finally picked up
texting
um so I didn't have to worry about it
anymore
oh I'm glad this can be a good space for
you Nicholson uh three Nicholson's AU
it's a it's always I always feel bad
when I can't like immediately see
someone's name and chat I feel like I'm
failing
I got like a few Facebook friends I want
to stay in touch with but don't want a
message
yeah since I got rid of Facebook I
completely lost touch with like all of
my friends from back home just gone
um
God these
Twitter speaking of Twitter
um
and like I'm like hey follow me on
Twitter or Instagram or
you know the other things that I have
you know text me or whatever and
they're like oh I don't have Twitter or
Instagram or anything I'm like how do
you not have Instagram
and Facebook are the same thing
I don't use Facebook but I do use
messenger from time to time it really
sucked when I was in uh when I worked in
marketing because you had to have like
an active Facebook profile or Facebook
wouldn't let you take over accounts
and I had to take over accounts to do ad
buys and stuff like that and so it was
really frustrating because I had to
arbitrarily post
like
like four or five times a week just to
keep my account in good standing in good
standing in good standing so that I
could
take over the the accounts I needed to
it was really annoying
I don't have Instagram because I deleted
my account but it has been tough to
follow some of the people whose work I
like without it
my Instagram is like my happy place I go
there it's just
sheba's pitbulls Dobermans
um
red panda is it's basically just animals
being silly
and a couple of cute guys that I follow
and that's basically it Instagram is
like a safe happy place I can go and ads
for stuff that I oddly have bought a
couple of things from there and they're
actually useful which is says a lot more
than the uh
the Twitter
thing
I suck at Reddit I've never been good at
Reddit
I have an on-again African relationship
with Instagram because now that I'm out
of school I don't want anything to do
with most of the people from there but I
can't be bothered to block them or
anything
I mainly use Facebook to shout my
depression and unrequited love into the
voice so I used to say it was not
popular on there
I have letterboxed but I always forget
that it exists so I never use it
I follow way too many hot Thai BL actors
and somehow Asian fitness models along
with celebrities I'm shocked to find
that out great
what happens to the Facebook Messenger
but I'd assume that that that's less of
an option when you're putting creative
projects out
my Instagram keeps thinking I'm
transphobic because I'm
hahaha
that's like that's that sounds like
grinder continually Banning me because
I'm impersonating myself
I used to use Facebook constantly like
to there were gay geek groups that I was
in there were like five or six groups I
had some friends on there and then
Facebook banned me and when I got back
on none of the groups would let me back
in so I don't know what the hell was
going on there
I too have met some transphobic trans
people
if they're very confusing
they're like homosexual or homophobic
gays who I've also met I'm like go go
away go away
I've done the same like I have read it I
post video links on there sometimes but
I like never I don't know how to read it
I don't know how
I barely know I I also don't know how to
tick tock
I have tick tock I use it sometimes it's
good for when I'm like I need to know
how to fix a thing and I don't want to
watch a 12 minute video of someone
explaining every detail of it and then
there's like a 10 minute a 10 second
version of it on Tick Tock and I'm like
ah perfect but that's basically the only
time I use tick tock
I need to do something about your ticket
it might basically non-exist in tick
tock
right it confuses me I tried to find a
BDSM thread and found in cell book
oh God
James once you follow one or two BL
actors it becomes a deep Rabbit Hole of
hotness on Instagram
I think that's what happened with dogs
like I followed like a pit bull page and
a Sheba page and now everything I follow
is dogs
Tick Tock also shows me a lot of
gorgeous trans men but a lot of them are
straight
like I know I've I
yeah it's it's it's it's it's homophobic
is what it is
I don't like how Tick-Tock just sends me
into a hole and I can scroll it for
pages and just completely zone out
okay I played Judo Master on Peacemaker
is really hot and worth following
I like making content for Tick Tock but
usually use Instagram to keep up with
Finn I don't think I've ever made
content I think I posted one thing to
tick tock
apparently Elliot page is straight and I
I feel like that is a personal slight
against me
I'm like
10 years ago you had me questioning my
sexuality and now that my sexuality is
like firmly confirmed uh
your your
not lining up with it properly and
that's that's that's that's an issue for
me
you get slated all the time so it's
basically this is this is true
I think making behind the scenes videos
could be good content for your Tick Tock
James
I don't know what I would do in behind
the scenes videos to be honest
because Nick and I kind of have it down
like the production side of it down to a
science now
I've thought of like taking little
Snippets out of videos that are like
particularly funny or something like
that and throwing them up on Tick Tock
um
but
that's like the only thing I can think
of
I'm a straight and I'm not okay
foreign
it's 905 so I'm gonna take off
um and by takeoff I mean close this
window and open another window and edit
myself
for probably the rest of the night
um
so I hope you had guys have an awesome
weekend
um I might be at the Toronto Pride
Parade on Sunday if anyone's in Toronto
um
if not I'll probably be taking pictures
and posting them on Twitter and
Instagram and stuff like that so I hope
you all have a wonderful weekend
and
um new video coming very very soon hope
you watch it hope you like it because I
like it I mean everyone have a good
night